README.md, before:

# Crypto Monitor

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Preview](#preview)
- [Installation](#installation)

## About

Crypto Monitor is a web application that allows users to monitor cryptocurrency prices and trends. Stay updated with real-time data and make informed decisions about your crypto investments.

## Features

- Real-time cryptocurrency price tracking
- Historical price charts for analysis
- Customizable watchlist for favorite cryptocurrencies
- User-friendly interface for easy navigation
- Responsive design for desktop and mobile devices
- User registration to keep track of personal watchlist
- Light and dark mode for better user experience
- Search navigation to find specific cryptocurrencies

## Preview

### Light & Dark Mode

![](./public/assets/crypto-monitor%20light-dark-preview.gif)

### Search for Coins

![](./public/assets/crypto-monitor%20search-preview.gif)

### Add Coins to Watchlist

![](./public/assets/crypto-monitor%20watchlist-preview.gif)

### Detailed Crypto Currency Pages

![](./public/assets/crypto-monitor%20currency-page-preview.gif)

## Installation

To install and run Crypto Monitor locally, follow these steps:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Jagan-creator/crypto-monitor.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd crypto-monitor

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run the application
npm start
```

Commit message:

add short bullet points for each preview

README.md, after:

# Crypto Monitor

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Preview](#preview)
- [Installation](#installation)

## About

Crypto Monitor is a web application that allows users to monitor cryptocurrency prices and trends. Stay updated with real-time data and make informed decisions about your crypto investments.

## Features

- Real-time cryptocurrency price tracking
- Historical price charts for analysis
- Customizable watchlist for favorite cryptocurrencies
- User-friendly interface for easy navigation
- Responsive design for desktop and mobile devices
- User registration to keep track of personal watchlist
- Light and dark mode for better user experience
- Search navigation to find specific cryptocurrencies

## Preview

### Light & Dark Mode

- Users can alternate between light and dark mode as they prefer

![](./public/assets/crypto-monitor%20light-dark-preview.gif)

### Search for Coins

- Coins are able to be searched for based on their registered name

![](./public/assets/crypto-monitor%20search-preview.gif)

### Add Coins to Watchlist

- Once registered, users can add coins to their watchlist for tracking or later use

![](./public/assets/crypto-monitor%20watchlist-preview.gif)

### Detailed Crypto Currency Pages

- Each cryptocurrency has an individualized page with various statistical information

![](./public/assets/crypto-monitor%20currency-page-preview.gif)

## Installation

To install and run Crypto Monitor locally, follow these steps:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Jagan-creator/crypto-monitor.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd crypto-monitor

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run the application
npm start
```
